[Revolutionary Love]
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Episode 4]
[Appearance by Gangsu Group's
Second Son, Byun Hyuk]
Why have you suddenly shown up
after staying away for so long?
Do you acknowledge the assault?
Did you sexually harass
the flight attendant?
Did you lobby the prosecutors
to bury the case?
Where have you been?
- Did Gangsu Group settle with her?
- Oh!
Young... young man?
Byun?
Please give us one comment.
Everything... was due to my carelessness.
How do you feel right now?
Reporters, you're all working so hard.
Why don't we do photo shoot?
- Huh?
- Photo shoot?
Is this etiquette?
That will be all then. Work hard.
How are you feeling right now?
Excuse me.
Gangsu Group's Byun Hyuk, whose
whereabouts have been unknown
has turned himself in to the prosecutors.
[Prosecutor Hwang Myung Soo]
Prosecutors have been under scrutiny...
Why didn't he say anything?
Joon, to tell you the truth...
yesterday night...
Regarding the reporter's questions on
whether the surrender was preplanned
Gangsu Group has yet
to give an official answer.
- Hold on, President.
- The CEO is inside, right?
- You can't do this.
- Move!
Gang Su.
What is with this chaos?
Why is Hyuk doing this?
Is this something you planned?
Whenever there was a scandal,
the case was concealed.
The custom of the rich to avoid
punishment was broken.
Do you know how much
the stock is falling?
You should've told us
in advance if this was the plan.
Do you want to see
our stock hit rock bottom?
According to Monk Chung Woong,
he says our Hyuk will become great.
He will do something great
and raise up our company.
What good is it to be born
with a great fortune?
He needs wings.
So, give our Hyuk a chance too.
Even if you don't favor him...
isn't it only right for a parent
to give their child wings?
Gosh, this is frustrating.
What are you going to do now?
Gang Su, can't you hear us?
Yes, it's Byun Gang Su.
No, we agreed to cover this up
before it got to charged...
We agreed to cover this all up.
You stab me in the back like this?
How can you turn this
upside down in less than an hour?
Are you set out on screwing me over?
Why would I do that, Prosecutor Hwang?
He went in there all on his own.
Now, I realize that you're not in
the loop within your company at all.
How will you ever do
anything great, at this rate?
Now that things worked out this way,
please investigate and punish him.
There's no need to be lenient.
Are you telling me how to do my job?
I will no longer discuss
this matter with you.
I'm sorry.
Hello. Good morning.
Hello.
Manager Park, are you enjoying it?
- Thank you.
Hey, did you see the news?
He turned himself in.
Yes, that troublemaker.
Look at that face.
He looks girl crazy.
- Yes, a pervert.
- With those eyes.
To tell you the truth,
Byun Hyuk came to my place last night.
I thought a money
settlement was enough.
Now, I know it was very hasty.
I am sincerely sorry.
Hyuk?
He says he got his act
together thanks to you.
He says that Joon, that you,
made him into a human being.
What's going to happen now?
What do you think?
He'll go to jail.
Oh, what will he do?
Won't it be worse
because he was on the run?
What will he do?
It's getting cold too.
He got his act together because of me?
He didn't turn himself in
because of me, did he?
That's nonsense.
What's going to happen to Hyuk?
Hey, hey. Why am I worrying about him?
He is a third generation rich guy.
His dad is the CEO of the group,
so he wouldn't do nothing.
He'll use money, or lawyers
will get him off on probation.
As they always do.
Isn't that right?
I'm sorry.
Sorry, sorry.
Shouldn't you have been
in control of this?
You should've reported Hyuk's
movements to me, at least.
I had no idea that Hyuk
would suddenly do something like that.
I'm very sorry.
Who is this third party person
who is keeping Hyuk?
What is this?
Why do you have so many secrets?
Section Chief Kwon.
Are you and Hyuk up
to something I don't know about?
Up to something?
What do you mean?
He's never acted on his own like that.
Now, suddenly he is.
I'm just shocked.
Is something going on
with you two that I don't know?
I had a friend
who was able to let Hyuk stay.
My friend doesn't even know who Hyuk is.
It's irrelevant to this incident.
I trust you, Section Chief Kwon.
You know what I mean, right?
Yes.
Section Chief Kwon.
Do you trust me?
Section Chief.
I traced where the video was leaked from.
They were trying to make
it look like a foreign IP.
But, you know me.
I found out where it came from.
It was the Chief of Management's
office on the eighth floor.
Of course, I trust you.
Once everything goes well with Hyuk,
I'll send you to Strategic Management.
We can't let you go
to waste forever, right?
What do you mean by that?
Let him take responsibility for
the trouble he caused.
Prosecutor. Aren't you
going to investigate me?
You scared me!
Just stay put, would you?
Waiting to get hit
is harder than getting hit.
You're taking your time with it.
Taking my time? Who is?
You'd better watch your mouth.
Do you think a prosecutorial
investigation happens that quickly?
Aren't you going to handcuff me?
- What?
- I'm going jail, right?
How large are the rooms?
I don't want to be alone.
Can you put me in a room
with lots of people?
I can't stand being bored.
Oh, my friend.
Hey, let's go.
I don't think anyone is here.
You can let go and talk.
His older brother said
to leave him a wanted man.
The younger brother shows up
here to be investigated.
One and then the other.
Are you guys playing me? Are you?
I thought you might misunderstand
and that's why I'm here.
It's not like that.
Just formally charge him.
Hey, this place has so many...
This place many people
being paid off by Gangsu.
We need to get our stories straight
or we'll get all mixed up.
Hyuk is ignoring the CEO
and doing this on his own.
The company has decided
to take their hands off too.
You're sure about that?
Fine, then I'll go by
the book from now on.
So, don't tell me to give back
what I've received so far.
Jae Hoon!
You really are the only person
who comes running for me.
What were you thinking when you did this?
Did you see?
I looked cool when I turned myself in.
What did Joon say? Huh?
Is that something you
should be asking now?
I don't know.
I felt bad hiding and
seeing Joon like that.
Hearing that I avoid
responsibility because of  money.
"Rich are innocent, poor are guilty."
It was embarrassing to hear.
A man would take
responsibility, so I came in.
Do you have a plan?
No, I don't.
What do I do now, friend?
What else?
Go through the investigation.
Let's start now. Sit down.
Jae Hoon, please...
Do well, then.
Jae Hoon, please!
Don't leave me alone.
I'm scared.
Please leave now.
Only lawyers are allowed in here.
You heard that, right?
I have to leave.
Jae Hoon!
Hello, where have you come from?
You must be Prosecutor Hwang Myung Soo.
We're Byun Hyuk's lawyers.
Lawyers?
Wait. Who hired you?
CEO Byun Gang Su
called our law firm himself.
Father?
You wanted to go by the book
and now there are five lawyers?
What is the play here?
[Suspect's Statement]
The tragedy started with Chae Ri.
I was traumatized after
she stood me up in Bali.
I had three whiskeys.
You already mentioned that.
Did I tell you I hadn't eaten at all.
That isn't important.
Why isn't that important?
Those are circumstances leading to
why I was so dizzy that day.
It is important.
Anyway, the moment I stood up,
the plane started to shake.
Once it started to shake,
I wanted to hold onto something and...
That was the flight attendant's chest?
Yes, that's right.
Why did you hit the person
who tried to stop you?
That was an accident that
occurred while trying not to fall.
That was the first time I had ever
encountered turbulence.
The video doesn't show
that much turbulence.
The sexual assault looks like
it was purposeful, as well.
Hey, I feel very wronged if you
judge purely on the video.
Then... do you have a witness?
Not really a witness.
I do have a relationship
with that flight attendant.
The flight attendant...
as in the victim?
We didn't know each other before.
It was a strange coincidence
that we ran into each other.
The point is...
I made a sincere apology to her.
Then she accepted my apology.
Are you saying you settled?
We did have a type of settlement.
If there is a settlement, then those
are extenuating circumstances.
There was a settlement contract.
However, there was an accident
and Yeon Hee ripped it up.
What kind of accident?
Honestly, I accidentally
grabbed her chest again.
- Oh no!
- No!
You're a repeat offender!
It's not like that.
Let go of me.
Prosecutor, my father told me
not to come in, to stay hidden.
- No!
- Grab him.
What in the world!
You should not speak
so carelessly to a prosecutor.
Are you trying to make me
charge CEO Byun too?
We would like to exercise
his right to remain silent now.
That makes me look bad.
I want to explain it all.
He told me not to go in, but to hide.
- He said to hide!
- No!
Stop! Stop!
What are you going to do now?
What am I supposed to do?
There are so many eyes watching.
I have to pretend to do
a proper investigation.
Make sure you explain
everything to CEO Byun.
Oh my goodness.
What's this?
I need the restroom.
A witness interview?
I just got a call from the prosecutor.
He wants me to come tomorrow morning.
What should I do?
I think I'm a little scared, Joon.
You need go in for questioning.
Questioning?
Okay.
Yeon Hee!
What brings you here?
I'm here as a witness.
Witness?
I'll tell them exactly
what happened that day.
Bye now.
The victim is done talking.
What did she say?
Yeon Hee will sue me, right?
Is it over now?
All that's left is me going to jail?
We'll have to see what
Prosecutor Hwang will do.
I think things will work out though.
How?
She said it was an accident
from severe turbulence.
She told them that the video
wasn't quite right.
That was her statement.
Yeon Hee said that?
She really said that?
Until we know what
Hankook Air's official position is...
we can't feel completely safe.
You can go home for now.
Awesome. For real? Really?
Let's go now.
The CEO is waiting.
Wait!
Don't ever tell Joon that there
were five lawyers here.
What?
I worked so hard in order
to reveal the truth.
I wasn't afraid of any punishment
and didn't hide anything.
I was sincere in my investigation.
You have to tell Joon.
I'm asking you, Jae Hoon.
Did you really come here
because of Joon?
Just to look good to Joon?
How many times do I
have to tell you that I did?
The company turned
upside down because of you.
And you did this
reckless thing over a girl?
She's not just a girl. It's Joon.
My life is divided into
"Before Joon" and "After Joon."
Are you finished? How did it go?
What did your father,
Byun Gang Su, do to settle this case?
Where are you headed now?
Please give us a comment!
One comment, please.
Joon!
Move.
Joon... what is this?
Who are you people? Let me go!
Let go of me!
- Let go!
- It's the CEO's orders.
Don't rebel, just go.
No, I'm going to Joon. Joon!
Yes, Joon! Joon!
Joon!
Don't take pictures... Joon!
Don't take pictures. Joon!
You saw me, right? Joon?
Joon!
Joon... Joon!
Joon! Stop the car.
Stop the car.
Joon... Joon!
Joon!
What's going to happen to Hyuk?
It worked out well, thanks to you.
If he gets dragged off like that,
won't he get beaten up by his father?
That's something Hyuk has to endure.
That's the world he lives in.
You're right.
Hyuk's just going back
to the world he's originally from.
You're not worried about him, are you?
Why would I worry about
a third generation rich guy?
Then why are you here?
- Joon!
- Hi.
- Let's go now.
- Yeah, let's go.
Why would I worry
about him? How funny.
Huh? What do you mean?
It's nothing.
It was hard today, wasn't it?
It was no joke.
Why did someone like you show up?
Why did you show up?
Why did you destroy everything? Why?
Destroy?
I did?
I'm asking you this favor.
Please return to the world you came from.
Stop making things hard
for so many people.
Please just get lost!
I will go to you.
I want to become a flower.
I want to become someone
you do not forget.
The one and only glance.
Joon!
Joon! Stop the car!
Joon... Joon!
Live well, third generation rich guy.
So, the second son of Gangsu Group?
CEO Byun Gang Su's son, Byun Hyuk.
The kid who carried bricks with us
and ate rice stew with us?
It's that Mister Byun?
You must be so traumatized
that your eyes are messed up.
You saw his face on the news!
It's that Mister Byun who threw
the brick at CEO Min.
What? The dandelion seeds were what?
Seriously, how absurd.
Joon, you shouldn't
have done that either.
I was good to you because you're
young and working in a place like that.
Yet, you sit there
and fool all of your elders?
I'm sorry.
Stop it! Joon would never
do that with bad intentions.
She must've had
her reasons for doing it.
Well, Madam Ahn isn't wrong
about any of this.
If we knew he had
the support of that CEO father
we wouldn't have cared if he got
dragged off to the police station or not.
Isn't that right?
Because we took his side,
we all got fired.
Look at us now.
What are we doing?
We shouldn't be doing this?
Let's go find CEO Byun Gang Su.
Wh... what?
Well, this happened because
we were trying to save his son.
He should give us a reward.
Let's go. Joon, lead the way.
Ki Sub, let's go
get money for our losses.
Let's get going. Hurry.
Hurry up.
What should I do?
I don't know where they live.
Who in this country doesn't know
where CEO Byun Gang Su lives?
Let's go.
Mister.
Oh no. What do we do?
Let me go, seriously.
It hurts. Let go.
I'm sorry.
You did well.
Pardon me?
If that's how you want to live,
then that's how you should live.
Thank you for sending me the lawyers.
I didn't do it to save you.
I did it to save the company.
Yes, of course. The company comes first.
Soon, you will be cleared of all charges.
You can live the way you want now.
Thank you, Father.
- You can go now.
- Yes, I will.
Where do you think you're going?
You said I could go.
I meant get out.
What?
If you've decided to live
on your own, by your own will...
you should move out.
What do you mean by that?
You must have prepared for the
consequences of going against my word.
You won't be getting any help
or support from me at all.
Don't live as Byun Gang Su's son.
See how long you can survive
and live however you want.
Father, you're not
kicking me out, are you?
That's right. I am kicking you out.
Father, I was just released
by the prosecutors.
Isn't it wrong to kick me out like this?
Yes, it is wrong to kick
you out like this.
Leave behind everything I've given you.
All your clothes,
your watch, and shoes...
Everything on your body... all of it!
What?
Strip this punk.
- Right now!
- Yes.
Father! Hey, let go.
Don't do it.
Don't touch me.
Mom, save me!
Father, Father! This isn't right.
Father!
Get out now!
Mom, this isn't right. This isn't right.
Anyone who gives him any clothes
will be kicked out of my home.
Father, Mom! This is wrong.
How... can... this... be?
Mom! Please save me.
Save me.
This is a crime... a crime!
Young Master, where are you?
Mister?
- Young Master.
- Yes?
Take this, at least.
That is all I can give you.
This is better than nothing. Thank you.
How much longer do I have to wait?
5 minutes or 10 minutes?
Will my father have cooled down by then?
- Within five minutes...
- Yes?
You must get out of here or the CEO
will shoot you with a crossbow.
Young Master.
I'm sorry I could not protect you.
That day, I was thrown out
into a world I did not know.
I thought it was like a brief vacation.
I had no idea at the time.
Once you break out of "The Matrix"...
you cannot return.
Once you swallow the red pill...
you can never return.
Honey!
Take it off!
How many times
have we walked in circles?
Is this the right place?
Hold on. This is right.
Let's see here.
My eyes aren't very good,
so I can't tell at all.
Yeah, we need someone young
to lead the way here.
I'll go ahead and look around.
Okay.
Wow, the houses sure are nice.
Where does one house start and end?
Ah... ah!
Oh, what do I do?
Oh my goodness!
Why? What is it?
- What? What?
- Over there.
Over there. Look, look.
What? Look at that pervert punk!
That bastard. It's the middle of the day!
Hey, you pervert!
- Get him!
- Stop!
That's not it.
- Hey, pervert.
- Get him!
Wait. Hold on!
Stop following me. Stop!
- Stop running!
- Don't follow me!
Wait!
- Don't follow me.
- That's not it, everyone.
Wait!
- Stop following me.
- Stop right there!
Pervert!
Pervert, stop right there!
Hey, pervert!
- Pervert!
- Stop!
You pervert creep!
- Get him.
- Stop!
Go get him!
You punk. We got you, pervert.
Mister.
Huh?
Byun... Mister Byun.
- Byun?
- Young man?
Oh my goodness.
Even so...
how could he kick you out without
even a pair of underwear?
Were you a child
they got off the streets?
Or are you an illegitimate child?
We don't have any
birth secrets in our family.
I bought some medication.
Put it on.
Thank you.
Joon, could you possibly...
not look at me?
Ah, yes. Okay.
So, what brings you all by?
Oh, yeah. You and the CEO...
What?
Ah, well we just happened to be...
There goes the money.
Money?
Why don't we go
buy some clothes for now?
Yes, let's do that.
Oh, here. Take these.
- Put on the underwear first.
- Thank you.
I bought something for you too, Mi Yeon.
That's not going to fit me.
I'll keep it.
Oh, there it is. Here.
Choose something.
2,000 won to 10,000 won.
Choose something,
Miss Kyung and Miss Park.
- Make a choice.
- How's this?
- Hm...
- How's this then?
This kind of pattern
doesn't suit my style.
Isn't there something
more intellectual or elegant?
How is this?
Isn't there something more monochrome,
trendy, and sporty in design?
- What are you saying?
- What?
Hey, you're not
in a position to be picky.
This guy is picky.
Come on inside then.
We have lots of elegance inside.
- Come on in.
- Oh, really?
What's wrong with these?
What do you think?
It's great, right?
There's a good feeling.
This is monochrome and sporty?
2017 intellectual trendy fashion.
As long as you like it...
I really like it a lot.
No...
I just can't.
Joon understands fashion.
I'm hungry. Let's just go eat.
Should we? What should we eat?
Me! That thing.
I want to eat that thing.
That thing.
This exquisite taste
that reaches the depths of my soul.
Why do you have so much to say
about a 6,000 won rice stew?
Hurry up and eat.
- Let's eat, everyone.
- Let's eat.
Wait, wait, wait!
Where did you go?
Well...
Here. Eat this first.
If you go into places like that,
you have to eat this once you come out.
It's so that you can become a new person.
Chew it up and eat it.
Then don't ever go near those places.
Why aren't you eating it?
Without meaning to,
I hid my identity.
I caused trouble and I'm really...
happy!
My goodness.
Oh gosh.
Here.
CEO Byun asked for me.
He just kicked out Young Master Hyuk.
- What?
- He kicked him out without even 10 won.
The mood is not good.
Do whatever the CEO tells you to.
You need to bow down to him, okay?
Goodness.
Gosh, I told you to give it a rest.
Did the world end?
How could you do this, Honey?
He doesn't have any money.
You're setting him up
to go out and starve to death.
How ignorant of you to kick
him out in the nude like that.
Oh, my baby.
Where is my Hyuk?
You told me to give him wings.
What do you mean by that?
If he has wings, he'll fly.
I don't know about a phoenix.
But, we have to throw him out to find
out if he's a baby chick or an eagle.
CEO, you have a guest.
What?
Is he planning something?
Do you have any idea
where Hyuk might have gone?
No, I'll look into it once I leave.
Once you find out his location,
report to me right away.
What is your plan?
Keep him close by.
Find out what he's doing and
what he's thinking.
Give me detailed reports.
What could he be thinking?
Perhaps, he wanted it resolved
with as little talk as possible.
If he wanted people to stop talking,
he should have handed Hyuk over.
He's taking criticism from
the media and public.
Why protect Hyuk through all that?
There is criticism.
But, the victim came forward
and vindicated Hyuk.
Wouldn't that resolve
the misunderstanding?
People don't want the truth.
They want to see bad people be punished.
So, it doesn't matter if
that person is really bad or not.
The thing I'm curious about is...
why would he save Hyuk and
not the company at this juncture?
What was Father thinking?
Are you asking me to monitor Hyuk?
I just want to know something.
So, report everything
about him directly to me.
You'll report to me first
before you tell my father, right?
Don't go to anyone else first.
Come directly to me.
Let's filter out what
you report to the CEO.
Yes, Chief.
Be careful so people
don't start talking about it.
I understand, CEO.
Joon, how was I today?
I look great on TV, don't I?
Byun Hyuk who was
determined to reveal the truth.
I confidently made my way
to the prosecutor.
Wasn't I kind of cool?
Did you go there to look cool?
I did.
You went in because you did
something wrong, so you had to go.
Lots of people don't do
things that they should do.
You don't believe my sincerity?
I'm not the old me.
I've really changed.
So what if you've changed?
What does that have to do with me?
Why wouldn't it?
Didn't you see the letter I left you?
Please, call me by my name,
which suits my color and fragrance.
I will go to you.
Stop that.
I have to go to work.
Go in by yourself.
What? What is it?
I don't know how this will sound to you.
But, I have no bus money.
Here.
Work is hard, isn't it?
Bow down when the wind blows and
take the rain when there's a storm.
To stay on the higher ups'
good side, that's the best way.
He was on the street,
so I picked him up.
I sent him to my place.
You go and take care of him.
This punk.
- I need to go.
- Oh?
Make sure to behave well.
Father, I'll take care of it.
All right.
Woo!
I'm back.
The paradise that I longed for.
When is Joon coming home?
You have very unique taste.
Which brand is that, exactly?
Who needs brand names?
Once I wear it,
it becomes designer level.
Thank you for before.
I didn't do it to get your thanks.
I only told the truth.
Right? It was.
The weather was bad that day.
Nonetheless, I felt sexually harassed
from my point of view and that's a fact.
Yes. You are right.
That is a fact.
Still...
I didn't think it was right for all
that noise and criticism either.
There was also what Joon said too.
Joon?
What did she say?
Whether you make
a statement or not, that's up to you.
However, shouldn't you go and tell the
truth about why that happened that day?
Joon?
For me?
The thing that really offended
me and made me angry...
was that no one
gave me a sincere apology.
It was your attitude
of trying cover it up with money.
And? What else did Joon say?
Did she have any other worries about me?
I'm begging you, please.
If there's anything else you can recall,
please tell me anything, all of it.
Are you sure you're not a pervert?
What?
Oh!
I'm not. It's a misunderstanding again.
I don't know why
this keeps happening to me.
I'm very sorry for this misunderstanding.
Please don't tell Joon.
Gosh, seriously. I ought to just...
Ah... Mother.
Hello.
Mother?
Mother? Whose mother?
Who else? Joon's mother.
Oh, really?
Is she out of money again?
Money?
Every time Joon's about to save
money, she comes and takes it all.
Then she comes again and again.
What?
Why? Why would a parent
take their child's money?
I know. That's what I'm saying...
It's a secret that I told you this.
Then the lingerie thing is a secret too.
- Deal.
She's here for money?
Hey!
Who said you could put this garbage here?
Seriously, so annoying!
Sorry. I'm sorry, Sir.
Move!
Sorry.
Don't do anything
you have to be sorry for then.
Joon, your mom is here.
You're just getting home? You're late.
You should've called
if you ran out of side dishes.
All the food in your fridge
was instant food.
I told you that
I can't get you that money.
Do you think I'm here for money?
I came to see your face.
Why are you doing this to me?
Did you leave some
money of yours with me?
Or did I borrow money from you, Mom?
Why are always coming
to me with your hand out?
Eat up. It's your favorite, potato stew.
I really think I'm going to go
insane whenever you do this.
Do you know that?
I never asked you for money,
even when I was in school.
After I graduated high school,
I did everything on my own.
What did you do for me
that you're acting like this?
Why do you show up
so brazen with no shame?
How can you hold your hand out to me?
I don't even expect a mom
that I can rely on in my life.
At least, stop expecting
things from me, would you?
I said stop doing that!
Eat your rice.
Let's eat. I'm hungry.
I'm sorry.
I'm a bad mom.
Mom.
I really dont have 10 million won.
Yes, I know.
Just eat your rice.
What are you doing?
Sit down.
Why were you there?
Why are you always
hanging around Joon's place?
One moment, Jae Hoon.
Jae Hoon, do you happen
to have 10 million won?
What are you talking about?
Why do you suddenly need
10 million won?
Honestly, the thing is...
Joon's mother is here.
Joon is crying.
It's not even 1 billion won
or 100 million won.
It's only 10 million won.
You just got kicked out
of your house like a bum.
Should you be worrying about Joon?
No, no. It's the time to worry about me.
In two or three days,
Mom will have cooked Father alive.
Then he will have cooled down.
That's when I'll go back naturally.
No, that won't be long enough.
Five days? Will it be a week?
You can't take care of yourself
and you want 10 million won?
What a joke.
Joon is crying right now!
Can't you do it?
If you're so worried,
then look into it yourself.
That guy is so cold.
He has no blood or tears.
Joon is crying right now.
Wait, how could you not have
10 million won, Mom?
Don't be like this. I really need it.
For real, right now.
It's your father's orders.
We can't give you a thing.
Mom.
Do you think only
your accounts are blocked?
Mine have all been blocked
for the time being.
The combinations for the safes
have been changed too.
He says he's going to check all of
my credit card transactions.
Unless you want to see me
get divorced, just hang up.
Seriously...
Se Na, it's your older brother.
Send me 10 million won.
You heard what Mom said.
Can't you see what's going on?
If I give you 10 won,
Dad said he'll kick me out too.
If you don't want to see a divorce
and me getting kicked out too
please get it together, okay?
Is this for real, a true story? Huh?
That measly 10 million won.
It's not even much.
Why's everyone being this way?
It may be a measly 10 million won to you.
To some, it's big money that they may
or may not be able to save in a year.
You really don't have 10 million won?
I barely managed to get you your phone.
Be thankful for that.
So cold, so cold, so cold.
Hyuk! I saw the news.
You looked great on TV.
Gosh, what does she want now?
Hyuk, Hyuk, Hyuk!
Hyuk! Oh, Hyuk!
Seriously, you look
like you suffered so much.
Do you know how worried Chae Ri
was when she couldn't reach you?
Yes.
Let's calm down and let me
ask you for a favor.
Ask me for anything.
Lend me 10 million won.
I need it urgently.
Hyuk, I understand you're mad at me.
You're wrong about that day.
I've forgotten about that day and
I have nothing to be mad about.
So, just that 10 million won.
Look, I get that you're mad.
How could you ask
to break up in such a dirty way?
What are you talking about?
We are already broken up.
Since when? When did we break up?
I never broke up with you.
Chae Ri... Chae Ri!
No matter how unreasonable
you're being, this is not right.
Sung Kyu is my friend.
Does Sung Kyu know you're doing this?
Sung Kyu and I are not in a relationship.
It was all a misunderstanding that day.
That's the bag that I bought you, right?
I remember it being worth
more than 10 million won.
If you don't want to give
me money, give that back to me.
No, you can't!
You're crazy.
I really don't like
your personality today.
Contact me once you feel better.
No matter how mad you are, this is wrong.
What a waste.
Are you doing well?
Your account matures in a month
and you're going to close it?
If you close it now,
you won't get much interest.
It won't amount to much anyway.
- Please do it.
- Okay.
Woo Sung!
Hyuk.
Are you okay?
Yeah, I suppose.
I was about to go
for a lunch appointment.
I'll cancel it. Let's go eat.
No, Woo Sung. I don't need to eat.
Actually, I came to ask for a favor.
Can you give me 10 million won?
I only have 3,000 won.
Can you give me 10?
They're for my mom.
All right.
Thank you!
- Here you go.
- Here.
Thank you. Sell lots.
Come again.
To tell you the truth,
there's a girl I like.
I'm home.
She's crying over 10 million won.
What is that? What is money anyway?
What else can I do
for her besides money?
I don't like it when she cries.
Please do me this favor, Woo Sung.
Make sure to eat all your meals.
The young man downstairs delivered
the money you wanted to give me.
Thank you, my daughter.
I'll use it well.
[Mom]
Pick up. Pick up, Mom.
[My Daughter]
Hurry up and pick up, Mom.
Please pick up, would you?
What is it?
Joon. What brings you here?
Joon, why did you do that?
Am I that much of a joke to you?
Don't my words mean anything to you?
What? You're born again?
You want me to believe
that you've changed?
What a joke.
You haven't changed one bit.
A rude jerk to the bone,
third generation rich guy.
A piece of crap third generation bum!
She is crying.
I didn't want her to cry anymore.
I only wanted to see her smile.
So, what went wrong?
I don't ever want to see you again.
What am I supposed to do now?
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Revolutionary Love]
How is Hyuk doing these days?
You all saw that I
was kicked out in the nude, right?
I need money. I need to earn it.
- I agree.
- Me too.
What? Hyuk's at the company?
This isn't right.
- You like him.
- Like him? Who?
You're even cleaning now?
Why are you insisting on following
her around doing hard jobs?
When will I ever make all that money?
I want to buy this. How do I do that?
He's fallen for
some girl and can't focus.
My brother has a girlfriend?
You punk! What are you doing here?
Catch him!